README.md, before:

### Sarah Manter - Full-stack Web Developer

## Currently working on:

I just finished building the second stage of a Gym Logistical Tracker with an amazing group of colleagues. 

## Currently learning:
I am just completed the UNH Coding Bootcamp.  We most recently learned to work with React.  I am looking forward to reviewing what we learned in the course to become more automatic with the basics.

## Contact:

Please feel free to contact me through GitHub, LinkedIn, or by email.  I'd love to chat!

GitHub: [https://github.com/smanter82](https://github.com/smanter82)

LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarahmanter/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarahmanter/)

Email: sarahmanter@gmail.com

Portfolio:  [https://manter-react-portfolio.herokuapp.com/](https://manter-react-portfolio.herokuapp.com/)

## Pronouns:

My pronouns are She, Her, Hers.

## Fun Facts:

- I am the mother of twins, a girl and a boy.
- I love skiing, playing instruments, singing, dancing, and reading.
- I have performed in Manchester, NH as a backup singer for both Barry Manilow and Kenny Rogers.
- My favorite vacation ever was to the French Quarter in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Commit message:

update to "currently working on"

README.md, after:

### Sarah Manter - Full-stack Web Developer

## Currently working on:

I just finished building the second stage of a Gym Logistical Tracker with an amazing group of colleagues. I'm now working on a Google Books search app and an application that will allow users to search their government reps by town and see their recent votes on education related issues.

## Currently learning:
I am just completed the UNH Coding Bootcamp.  We most recently learned to work with React.  I am looking forward to reviewing what we learned in the course to become more automatic with the basics.

## Contact:

Please feel free to contact me through GitHub, LinkedIn, or by email.  I'd love to chat!

GitHub: [https://github.com/smanter82](https://github.com/smanter82)

LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarahmanter/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarahmanter/)

Email: sarahmanter@gmail.com

Portfolio:  [https://manter-react-portfolio.herokuapp.com/](https://manter-react-portfolio.herokuapp.com/)

## Pronouns:

My pronouns are She, Her, Hers.

## Fun Facts:

- I am the mother of twins, a girl and a boy.
- I love skiing, playing instruments, singing, dancing, and reading.
- I have performed in Manchester, NH as a backup singer for both Barry Manilow and Kenny Rogers.
- My favorite vacation ever was to the French Quarter in New Orleans, Louisiana.
